#. We provide the App to the User as is, and the User is using the App at his or her own risk.
#. To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, representations and conditions, whether express or implied, including any warranties, representations and conditions that the App is merchantable, of satisfactory quality, reliable, accurate, complete, suitable or fit for a particular purpose or need, non-infringing or free of defects or errors or able to operate on an uninterrupted basis, or that the use of the App by the User is in compliance with laws applicable to the User or that User Information transmitted in connection with the App (including as part of online payment) will be successfully, accurately or securely transmitted.
#. We make no warranties or representations, express or implied, as to the timeliness, accuracy, quality, completeness or existence of the Content and information in the App, technical accessibility, fitness or flawlessness of the App, or that your use of the App will not infringe rights of third parties.
#. Amikumu assumes no responsibility for a User’s compliance with any applicable laws, rules and regulations.
#. Amikumu cannot and does not control the condition, legality or suitability of any User. Users are responsible for determining the identity and suitability of Users that they contact via the App.
#. Amikumu accepts no responsibility for and makes no representations or warranties to you or to any other person as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information contained on the App or provided by the User. Amikumu disclaims any and all liability related to any and all Users, Profiles, User Submissions and Private Messages.
#. By using the App, you agree that any legal remedy or liability that you seek to obtain for actions or omissions of other Users or other third parties will be limited to a claim against the User or other third party who caused you harm. We encourage you to communicate directly with the relevant User on the App regarding any communications or arrangements made between you and to resolve any dispute between you.
#. The User agrees to take all necessary precautions in any interaction with other Users. Any communication or interaction between you and another User either via or outside of the App (including but not limited to meeting such User in person whether or not at a particular venue, providing money to such User or exchanging personal information with such User) is conducted at your own risk.
