#. Our App contains material which is owned by or licensed to us (or our affiliates and/or third party licensors as applicable), and is protected by Australian and international laws, including but not limited to the trademarks, trade names, software, Content, design, images, graphics, layout, appearance and look of the App.  Amikumu, the Amikumu logo, and other Amikumu material used in connection with the App are unregistered or registered trademarks of Amikumu (collectively **Amikumu Marks**).
#. Intellectual Property includes all code, algorithms, copyright, fees, pricing, registered and unregistered Amikumu Marks, logos, slogans, designs, audio tracks, information, images, photographs, patents, know-how, trade secrets, ideas, methods, diagrams, drawings, databases, notes, documents, confidential information and any other proprietary or industrial rights relating to Amikumu (in each case whether registered or unregistered or whether capable of registration), together with any Apps for registration and any rights to registration or renewal of such rights anywhere in the world and whether created before or after the date of these Terms; goodwill in the business and App; trade, business company or organisation names; internet domain names; and Content, images and layout.
#. You agree that, as between you and us, we own all Intellectual Property rights in the App, and that nothing in these Terms constitutes a transfer of any Intellectual Property rights.  We own the Intellectual Property including copyright which subsists in all creative and literary works displayed in the App.  The App is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, international treaties, laws and other proprietary rights, and also may have security components that protect digital information only as authorised by Amikumu or the owner of the Content.
#. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the App are the trademarks of their respective owners (collectively Third Party Marks).
#. The Intellectual Property, Amikumu Marks and Third Party Marks may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Amikumu or the applicable trademark holder.
#. Users do not obtain any interest or licence in the Intellectual Property, Amikumu Marks or Third Party Marks without the prior written permission of Amikumu or the applicable trademark holder. Users may not do anything which interferes with or breaches the Intellectual Property rights.
