#. **Amendments:** Amikumu reserves the right to amend, change or modify these Terms or any other Amikumu Policies related to use of the App at any time and at its sole discretion by posting revisions on the Website. Continued use of the App following the posting of these changes or modifications will constitute acceptance of such changes or modifications.  If any change or modification is unacceptable to you, you can choose to cease to use our App.
#. **Governing Law and Jurisdiction:** This App is governed by the laws of New South Wales and the Commonwealth of Australia. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts operating in New South Wales.
#. **Severability:** If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions, which continue in full force and effect.
#. **Disputes:** You agree to use your best endeavours to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms, with us, prior to resorting to any external dispute resolution process.  Please notify us in writing of any dispute you may have.
#. **Entire Agreement and Understanding:** In respect of the subject matter of the Terms, the Terms contain the entire understanding between the Parties. Any previous oral and written communications, representations, warranties or commitments are superseded by the Terms and do not affect the interpretation or meaning of the Terms and each of the Parties has relied entirely on its own enquiries before entering into the Terms.
#. **Termination:** The Terms are effective until terminated by us, which we may do at any time and without notice to you. In the event of termination, all restrictions imposed on you by the Terms and limitations of liability set out in the Terms will survive.
